Make MOQT Object to Stream mapping implementation-specific (#156)
wilaw/MoQ: draft-ietf-moq-msf.md

Would be resolved by the subscriber to include `"cat": "XYZ789"`, which is
then presented in control messages as specified by the authorization scheme.

### Stream mapping {#streammapping}
Required: Optional    JSON Type: String    Location: Track Object

> A string defining how MOQT Objects in this track are mapped to MOQT Streams.

Reviewer: Shouldn't  this be QUIC Streams? MOQT does not define streams.

When this field is absent, the default mapping is "stream-per-group".
Allowed values are defined in Table 8.

| Name                |  Value                |  Description                                          |
|:====================|:======================|:======================================================|
| Stream per object   | stream-per-object     | Each MOQT Object is mapped to a separate MOQT Stream |
| Stream per subgroup | stream-per-subgroup   | All Objects within a Subgroup share a single MOQT Stream |

> | Stream per group    | stream-per-group      | All Objects within a Group share a single MOQT Stream |

Reviewer: Same comment about QUIC Streams

Table 8: Allowed stream mapping values

All stream mapping values in Table 8 are valid for LOC packaged tracks. Other
packaging specifications MAY define additional stream mapping values or restrict
the set of allowed values for their packaging type.

The choice of stream mapping affects latency and head-of-line blocking
characteristics. For example, "stream-per-object" minimizes head-of-line blocking
at the cost of more QUIC streams, while "stream-per-group" reduces stream overhead

> but may increase latency under packet loss.

Reviewer: We should not specify what is valid for LOC packaging, the LOC spec can do that. This section can be removed. We also don't need to motivate the reasons for one type of packaging over another, that is also the province of the packaging specifications. 

```suggestion

```

Would be resolved by the subscriber to include `"cat": "XYZ789"`, which is
then presented in control messages as specified by the authorization scheme.

> ### Subgroup mapping {#subgroupmapping}

Reviewer: What if I am send video over datagrams? What subgroup mapping is signaled then?

Required: Optional    JSON Type: String    Location: Track Object

A string defining how MOQT Objects in this track are organized into MOQT
Subgroups. This signals to subscribers what content boundaries they can expect
within each subgroup. When this field is absent, the default mapping is
"subgroup-per-group". Allowed values are defined in Table 8.

| Name                  |  Value                  |  Description                                                      |
|:======================|:========================|:==================================================================|

> | Subgroup per object   | subgroup-per-object     | Each MOQT Object is placed in its own Subgroup                    |

Reviewer 2: please no. The base draft should absolutely not require support for 3 variants.

Stick with a single group/sub-group per GoP for the base draft. If somebody wants to use sub-groups, that's an extension to MSF because it requires *more information* about the media encoding.

For example, we would need to know the mapping of SVC layers to sub-groups. It's impossible to build a decoder otherwise. 

And same for stuff like sending frames as a separate sub-groups. My decoder needs which data is droppable. Please don't make me inspect the codec bitstream to discover if all frame dependencies have been met before trying to decode, any scheme needs to be encoded in the catalog.

| Subgroup per GOP      | subgroup-per-gop        | All Objects belonging to a single GOP share a Subgroup            |

> | Subgroup per group    | subgroup-per-group      | All Objects within a Group share a single Subgroup                |

Reviewer: This table crosses MOQT/media boundaries. "Pbject" and "Group" are MOQT constructs. GOP is a media construct. If you include that, then you should also have a "subgroup per Frame". I don't think you should include any media entries ion this table. It should have only two rows  - "Subgroup per Object" and 'Subgroup per Group".

  as defined in the respective specifications.

# Media transmission
The {{mediapackaging}} defines how media samples are packaged into MOQT Objects.
For LOC packaged tracks, each encoded media chunk (EncodedAudioChunk or
EncodedVideoChunk) is mapped to a single MOQT Object as defined in {{mediapackaging}}.

The mapping of MOQT Objects to MOQT Streams is signaled per-track in the catalog
using the stream mapping field {{streammapping}}. Publishers MUST include the
streamMapping field in the catalog for each media track. Subscribers MUST use

> the signaled stream mapping when consuming the track.

Reviewer: We don't need to tell subscribers to use the information send in the catalog. That can be assumed. 

```suggestion
using the stream mapping field {{streammapping}}. Publishers MUST include the
streamMapping field in the catalog for each media track.
```

  as defined in the respective specifications.

# Media transmission
The {{mediapackaging}} defines how media samples are packaged into MOQT Objects.
The specific mapping of media frames to MOQT Objects is defined by each packaging
specification (e.g., LOC, CMSF) and is outside the scope of MSF.

The organization of MOQT Objects into MOQT Subgroups is signaled per-track in the
catalog using the subgroup mapping field {{subgroupmapping}}. Publishers MUST include
the subgroupMapping field in the catalog for each media track. Subscribers MUST use

> the signaled subgroup mapping when consuming the track.

Reviewer: You indicate that "When this field is absent, the default mapping is"subgroup-per-group". Therefore I don't think a MUST include is necessary. It SHOULD be included if the subgroup mapping is not the default. 

Also, you can remove the line about "Subscribers MUST use the signaled subgroup mapping when consuming the track.". Subscribers can do anything they like and we cannot test or enforce their compliance.
